:truck: update: Add 118th CatchUp summary (#137)
OurTechCommunity/catchup: summary/sessions/118/content.adoc

Date: 11-02-2023

Duration: 4 hrs 36 mins

==== Topics Discussed

* General introductions
* link:https://twitter.com/harshgkapadia[Harsh Kapadia^] talked about link:https://networking.harshkapadia.me/bgp[BGP and BGP security (RPKI and BGPSec)^].
    ** Anil Harwani suggested looking into the (Classic) Berkeley Packet Filter (BPF/cBFP) and the Extended BPF (eBPF).
        *** link:https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/bpf[BPF and XDP Reference Guide^]
        *** link:https://ebpf.io/what-is-ebpf[ebpf.io/what-is-ebpf^]

> * link:https://twitter.com/DhiruCodes[Dheeraj Lalwani^] asked whether he should continue with his internship or not.

Reviewer: What's the conclusion? What's the point?

Author: I couldn't remember the specifics and the answer was convoluted, so I just let it be.

* link:https://twitter.com/harshgkapadia[Harsh Kapadia^] ranted about how complicated and overwhelming the Front End Web Development space has become, where most of the things are not needed by a majority of projects, yet Twitter and other places only talk about those things and create a hype around them, with opinionated fights blooming out of nowhere. Obviously innovation is good and necessary, but still things just seem too overwhelming and everything seems to circle back to the same standard and basic concepts with time.
    ** The video that triggered this rant: link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OTq15A5s0Y[7 better ways to create a React app^]
    ** An example of how complicated things are: link:https://www.lydiahallie.io/blog/rendering-patterns[Modern Rendering Patterns^]
    ** We need to stop with the 'Shiny Object Syndrome'.
        *** link:https://andy-bell.co.uk/the-tech-tool-carousel[The tech tool carousel^]
        *** link:https://mcfunley.com/choose-boring-technology[Choose Boring Technology^]
* link:https://twitter.com/kaku_jay[Jay Kaku^] talked about how learning about the architecture of something is like learning from a story of learnings and decisions.

> * link:https://twitter.com/harshgkapadia[Harsh Kapadia^] responded to link:https://twitter.com/Darth_Sid512[Siddharth Bhatia^] on how not everyone has the natural talent or nack of doing or understanding certain things and that that could be dealt with by learning through a lot of varied experiences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://twitter.com/harshgkapadia[Harsh Kapadia^] responded to link:https://twitter.com/Darth_Sid512[Siddharth Bhatia^] on how not everyone has a natural talent or knack of doing or understanding certain things and that that could be dealt with by learning through a lot of varied experiences.
```

* link:https://twitter.com/annshagrawaal[Annsh Agrawaal^], link:https://twitter.com/guyinthecape[Vatsal Patel^] and Anil Harwani talked about the link:https://leetcode.com[Leetcode^] grind.
    ** Quality of problems over the quantity of problems.
    ** link:https://hackernoon.com/14-patterns-to-ace-any-coding-interview-question-c5bb3357f6ed[14 Patterns to Ace Any Coding Interview Question^]
    ** link:https://neetcode.io/practice[neetcode.io/practice^]
    ** link:https://leetcode.com/study-plan[leetcode.com/study-plan^]
    ** link:https://petr-mitrichev.blogspot.com[Algorithms Weekly by Petr Mitrichev^]
* link:https://twitter.com/kaku_jay[Jay Kaku^] recommended reading link:https://www.amazon.in/Mindset-Changing-think-Fulfil-Potential/dp/1780332009[Mindset^].
* Anil Harwani told us to strongly question our biases, be aware of them (especially while taking decisions) and understand where they came from, otherwise it might lead to unforeseen outcomes.

> * With time, Anil Harwani has discovered that thinking is expensive and and doing is cheap. He strongly recommends that we should spending more time thinking, stepping back and looking at the problem, and asking the correct questions, rather than immediately starting to apply ourselves to a problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With time, Anil Harwani has discovered that thinking is expensive and doing is cheap. He strongly recommends that we spend more time thinking, taking a step back and looking at the problem, and asking the correct questions rather than immediately starting to solve a problem.
```
